ToolsResumeCVCover LetterCareer BlogAbout
CV Templates
Choose a CV template, fill it out, and download in seconds. Create a professional curriculum vitae in a few clicks. Just pick one of 18+ CV templates below, add ready-to-use suggestions, and get the job.

Resume templatesCover letter templatesCV templates
RecommendedAll
Professional CV Template Cascade
Cascade
Professional CV template. Neatly aligned no matter the word count.

Professional CV Template Cubic
Cubic
Perfect CV template. Ideal readability for the densest of CVs.

Professional CV Template Diamond
Diamond
Single column CV template. Highlight your background and credentials.

Professional CV Template Concept
Concept
Modern CV template. Use icons for basic info and a timeline to tell your story.

Professional CV Template Crisp
Crisp
Creative CV template. Get abundant spacing with a polished look.

Professional CV Template Enfold
Enfold
Two column CV template. Draw attention to your summary and skills.

Professional CV Template Iconic
Iconic
Icon-based CV template. Use designer elements to make information pop.

Professional CV Template Influx
Influx
Elegant CV template. Get that classic feel without looking dated.

Professional CV Template Initials
Initials
Creative CV template. Draw attention to details without overwhelming the reader.

Professional CV Template Minimo
Minimo
Minimalistic CV template. Use a classic layout, but give it a modern twist.

Professional CV Template Modern
Modern
Modern CV template. Create a visual frame without a blocky feel.

Professional CV Template Muse
Muse
Visual CV template. Stay light despite showing off plenty of skills and extras.

Professional CV Template Nanica
Nanica
Traditional CV template. Light it up with visuals, tone it down with a single column flow.

Professional CV Template Newcast
Newcast
Basic CV template. Focus on the main text while highlighting skills.

Professional CV Template Primo
Primo
Infographic CV template. Use a timeline, icons, and color that break the mould.

Professional CV Template Simple
Simple
Simple resume template. Add a splash of color to a clean design.

Professional CV Template Valera
Valera
Unique CV template. Guide the reader’s gaze with fresh typography.

Professional CV Template Vibes
Vibes
Sleek CV template. Show off your credentials with a tidy format and simple icons.

Need text samples of CV templates for a specific job?
Free CV Template to Copy and Use
Contact Information

[Your Name]

[Your Job Title]

[Email Address]

[Phone Number]

[LinkedIn]

[Optional: Personal Website, Twitter, Other Relevant Links]

Resume Summary Statement

Dependable/Detail-oriented/Creative[Your Job Title] with [X] years of experience in [Your Industry/Niche]. Helped [increase revenue/cut costs/train employees/other achievements] by [X]%. Looking to join [Company Name] to ensure[highest customer happiness scores/a steady boost in ROI/prompt project delivery/other metrics and KPIs you hope to deliver for the prospective employer].

Work Experience/Job Description

[Your Job Title]

[Company Name]

[2012–2019]

Use bullet points to describe your work history.
Add up to 6 bullet points. Focus on what applies to the job you're trying to land, don't cram your resume with unnecessary details.
Don't just list your responsibilities. Focus on your achievements!
Maybe you saved your company money? Boosted sales? Optimized processes? Trained new employees? Show it off! Have a look:
Responsible for [your responsibilities].
[Boosted sales/cut costs] by [X]% through implementing a new system of [invoicing/project management/procurement, etc.]
[Your Previous Job Title]

[Previous Company Name]

[2008–2012]

List your jobs in reverse-chronological order. Start with your current or most recent position, then follow it with the one before it, and so on.
As you go back in time, limit the number of bullet points under each entry. Employers are more interested in what you've been doing in the last few years, not in the dim and distant past.
Don't list over 15 years of relevant work experience on your resume.
Education

[BA/MA in Your Major]

[University Name]

[Graduation Year]

Not much experience? Leverage your academic achievements. Include your GPA if it's higher than 3.5, mention extracurricular activities.
If you have a lot of professional experience, limit your education section to your highest degree.
Skills

[Skill #1: Advanced]

[Skill #2: Advanced]

[Skill #3: Basic]

Additional Resume Sections

[Certifications]

[Volunteer Experience]

[Conference Participation]

[Hobbies and Interests]

Professional CV templates
for any situation
A curriculum vitae is a document that varies in use around the world. A US CV is used mostly in academia and government. But in the UK it’s a standard document for all job seekers. No matter your situation, a curriculum vitae template needs to be professional, simple, but unique enough to be memorable. Enter Zety CV templates—

Professional CV templates for any situation
Professional design
Each CV format template balances the classic with the modern. Add a personal profile to draw the reader in. Sprinkle in a few simple icons to highlight what matters. Pick two columns to save space or a single column layout for a traditional application. And don’t worry—all templates were created by CV experts and professional designers.

Professional design
Ease of use
Remember how you downloaded a CV template in a few seconds...and wasted hours trying to fix it? Never again. Simply pick a CV layout and let the Zety CV wizard format the perfect CV example for you Zety CV examples come with ready-made content you can add to your CV easier than an online shopping cart.

Ease of use
Ease of use
Speed
These user-friendly templates will save you hours of gruelling work. Pick a sample CV template on Zety and fill it out in a few clicks. Pick and choose what you like. Stop struggling to come up with the right word. We have entire sections ready for your finishing touch. It’s never been easier.

Speed
Confidence boost
Don’t let your old CV kill your chances of landing a job you actually want. Create a whole new CV or upload your previous curriculum vitae and reignite it within minutes. Update your template, optimize its contents with pre-written bullet points, and get hired faster than anyone else.

Confidence boost
Proven effectiveness
Don’t just improve your CV. Improve your entire life. A job-winning professional CV format is one that goes beyond looks. And Zety curriculum vitae templates have helped thousands of people get into the right school, build a career in academia and any industry around the world. Recruiters are looking for you. Use Zety, be found.

Proven effectiveness
Why users choose our CV templates:
Trustpilot
Frequently Asked Questions about CV Templates
What is the difference between a CV and a resume?
A Curriculum Vitae, or CV, is a document detailing the whole course of your career. A resume provides fewer details, and is typically one or two pages long. A resume listing key facts about your career and your most important skills is the preferred document for most applications. However, a CV can be required for academic positions in North America or when a job offer asks for as much detail as possible on your experience and studies. To never use the wrong term and document, read our guide on the key differences between a CV and a Resume. If you think you need a resume, download our resume templates instead.

What is the best CV format in 2024?
There are two main CV formats to use in 2024: the classic chronological CV format and the more original skill-based CV format. As a CV is mostly used for academic positions, we strongly recommend using a typical CV template that will list your experience, diplomas, skills, and achievements with the right structure. If you believe your main strength is having a wider set of skills, you may want to try the skills-based CV.

Which is the best template for a CV in 2024?
The best CV template to use in 2024 must look professional, modern and simple. A good curriculum template should easily extend to multiple pages, as a professional CV is typically longer than a resume and requires as much room as possible. In our online CV maker, you don’t have to worry about having a compatible CV template, as all our templates layouts dynamically adapt to the content you input, ensuring your document looks professional in every way.

What to put on a CV?
A curriculum vitae template should be filled with the following information:

Detailed personal information section
Strong CV personal statement
Work experience section
Education section
List of relevant skills
Additional sections (publications, certifications, etc.)
Each of these sections must be carefully crafted, especially since a curriculum vitae is to be filled with plenty of detail. For help on the whole process, read our guide on how to write a CV.

How long should a CV be?
A CV that’s too short (one-page long) may be the sign of a candidate with not enough experience, while a CV that’s too long might discourage the recruiter, and show that you struggle to pick the relevant details only. For a job, your CV template can be two to four pages long, depending on your experience. For an academic position, there’s no limit to a CV’s length, as the recruiters in those fields won’t be surprised even by a 10-page CV. Read our guide on the ideal CV length to make sure you’re building your curriculum vitae template the right way.

Try Zety's professional CV builder now
*The names and logos of the companies referred to above are all trademarks of their respective holders. Unless specifically stated otherwise, such references are not intended to imply any affiliation or association with Zety.

Zety is a career site fueled by the best career experts and a community of millions of readers yearly. We share knowledge, tips, and tools to help everyone find their dream job.

Call us: 800-985-7561
Email: support@zety.com
Resume
Resume Builder
Resume Templates
Resume Examples
Resume Format
How to Write a Resume
Resume Checker
Resume Help
Best Resume Templates
CV
CV Builder
CV Templates
CV Examples
CV Format
How to Write a CV
CV Help
Cover Letter
Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Templates
Cover Letter Examples
Cover Letter Format
How to Write a Cover Letter
Cover Letter Help
Support

About
Contact
Frequently Asked Questions
Editorial Guidelines
Media Mentions
Accessibility
Affiliates
Privacy Policy
Terms of service
Cookies & Tracking Policy
Do Not Sell or Share My Info
Choose Your Region

English (IN)
English (UK)
English (US)
Deutsch
Español
Français (Canada)
Français (France)
Italiano
Polski
Português (Brasil)
© 2024 Works Limited. All Rights Reserved.
National Career Development AssociationCertified Professional Resume Writer Program